Workout Records is an easy way to manually store and display your workouts. You are in control of your training records and can choose where and how your data is displayed in your iOS Health App. Workout Records does not try to guess your actual effort and lets you decide which details are stored.

You can choose between 3 different ways how your workout is stored in your iOS Health App:
1. Combined workout
Create an activity with a single workout record including the distance covered and active energy burned.

2. Individual workouts
Create a workout activity with separate records for the distance covered and active energy burned.

3. Energy-only workout
Create a single record for your active energy burned without a specific activity type.

>>> Get started

To allow Workout Records to save and read your health records, select either "Turn All Categories On" or choose the permissions in your iOS Health App.
You can change these permissions anytime in iOS Settings > Privacy > Health.

>>> 1. Combined workout

Tap the activities field on top of the screen to show all available activities. For combined workouts select an activity from one of the "Workout" sections.

Add the start date and duration of your workout - you can also add the distance covered and energy burned for your selected activity or just leave these fields empty and tap "Record". Your workout is saved in Workout Records and your iOS Health App in Health Data > Activity > Workouts.

By default Workout Records will show your workouts for the past 7 days. To list previous records, tap "show more".

>>> 2. Individual workouts

Tap the activities field on top of the screen to show all available activities. If you like to record your workout as individual records for the distance and energy, select an activity from section "Record individual activities".

Set the start date and duration of your workout and add the distance and/or active energy burned and tap "Record". You can see your workout as one entry in Workout Records and as individual activities in your iOS Health App in Health Data > Activity. When you record individual records you'll notice 2 symbols representing the distance and energy record.

By default Workout Records will show your workouts for the past 7 days. To list previous records, tap "show more".

>>> 3. Energy-only workout

Tap the activities field on top of the screen to show all available Activities. You can choose to save only your active energy burned by selecting "Energy-only".

Add the start date, duration and active energy burned of your training and tap "Record". Your workout is saved in Workout Records and your iOS Health App in Health Data > Activity.

By default Workout Records will show your workouts for the past 7 days. To list previous records, tap "show more".

>>> Delete workout

To delete a workout in Workout Records and your iOS Health App, swipe left on the entry in your workout list and tap "Delete" to confirm.

>>> Known issues

- Duration picker: have to pick a duration twice to update field (default duration-picker bug)

If you experience an issue/bug or would like to submit a feature request, please visit our support page.